This is the last task in the final project.
When you implement it, the rule of five in the second task,
you made preparations for what is to come now.
The task here is to replace the current instance of chatbot in class chat logic with
a stack allocated variable that is created at
the bottom of the function load answer graph from file,
and then move into the root node of the graph.
With each new dialogue between chatbot and user,
the chatbot instance is moved from node to node using move semantics.
Please make sure that the class chat logic has
no ownership relation to the chatbot instance,
and thus is no longer responsible for memory allocation and de-allocation.
Also please note that the member chatbot remains in the class chat logic,
so it can be used as a communication handle
between graphical user interface and chatbot instance,
when it's moved through the graph.
When the program is executed and you are having a dialogue with the chatbot,
there should be messages on the console,
telling you which part of the rule of five components in class chatbot is called.
I wish you all the best with this last task,
and of course, with your future career as a C++ developer.